it was my family three years ago they
were killed
I have nothing I'm fine people who did
this I'll kill every last one of them I
need your help
stop
don't panic be calm be still shoot me
what right here we gotta get you rhythm
section under control
and give your heart as the drums your
breathing is the bass that's the easy
part
what's the hard part living with it
we don't have to be some of them
let's go
[Music]
I'm gonna do this my way a lot of people
think that you're dead I get that a lot
think of your heart is the Trump's your
breathing is the bass the rhythm section
what are you gonna do to minify it would
take too long how long the menopause
will be a distant memory that's a good
stuff so there's this guy you're dating
his name is Peter and he'll our team and
be together present for me he didn't
know she existed but I'm me eldest
secret love love it she wrote for him
did I talk to you technically she wrote
five anyway he started forgetting to
make its ex-girlfriend jealous she went
nuts and cover up large eggs real
crushed
another thing are all weird they started
real down they're totally real
girlfriend a real boyfriend and they are
adorable that's cool actually
Hey hi say that loud with me 11 o'clock
11 o'clock like always have fun not too
much fun
I think this is from the real soccer
team sometimes I wish my boyfriend is
more in on a minute
heavy is the head that wears the crown
nope that's what Cano this is all you
they don't this is all human self that's
for you
John Ambrose McLaren oh my god dear
Laura Jean I couldn't believe when I
opened that letter and it was from you
it's been what five years
hi what is going on in that head of
yours remember when you asked me if
you've got the other love letters and I
said someone from law oh um it's
actually volunteering with me but I saw
you I'm gonna need that letter back I
need proof that someone actually liked
me in middle school everyone liked you
in school I didn't care about everyone
why did I write these stupid love
letters just I think it's exciting -
boyfriend almost every one of my love
affairs overlapped with another one
nobody compares I thought having a
boyfriend that the idea of other boys
left your mind completely I didn't want
to be thinking about what might have
been but I was I could stick around and
help clean up oh I think I can help my
girlfriend clean up
[Music]
I thought I wanted happily ever after
but we're still at the beginning nobody
confession
[Music]
okay here we go
welcome to yonder a wonderful
development it has all you'd need and
all you'd want number nine number nine
is not a starter home this house is
forever
me for a boy do you have children no
it's not exactly what we're looking for
that guy was so strange
yeah wait no no I don't think this is
the right way yeah this is what we came
in number nine again did we just do some
kind of loop have we just immediately
because I think this is not possible
we can't make turns like this over a
nobody have gone this way Tom Oh
[Music]
what's happening
maybe dog let us go what if they don't
at least way City should we just sit him
being wait to die
it's a boy little time eternally
then you don't be afraid to be young and
free dr. box and throw away the keys
thing we wanted was a home
you are home
[Music]
creepy little mutant
[Applause]
we I mean I think that you may not be
the best fit for our company is your
mother breaking up with me
we want the ring back get it back give
it back
[Music]
she's an SP you don't know yet who you
are or what you want really want a
cheeseburger right now I know that
nobody I have a son that he likes older
women
I have everything's for you to go out to
a doctor a Sansone to work
it's Lin's for us tomorrow mom I can't
[Applause]
here's my card
Oh card it's late nineties I grew up in
Orange County but my parents are from
Iran you know super useful country of
the Middle East
everything news I've heard of it he's
this free-spirited artist who's funny
and gentle and sensitive and progressive
I'm from a family of fascists we're
gonna Mussolini him out of my life Emily
I don't see quit anymore dad probably
sticking bamboo me down you're not gonna
die
oh yes I will she might
so your parents are divorced my dad met
a great guy did you mean Steven and
realized you were gay what were you
feeling unfulfilled with Maggie
and then you realize you're gay just try
to understand how it all happens
Alex congratulation I hear you're a
doctor he's actually honest my mom's
gonna want to drink a bottle to the best
tequila with you until you have to put
her to bed
my mom's gonna want to make you feel
super inadequate and everything you are
well evidence
God is about sacrifice understanding and
forgiveness do you think our families
are too different I want you to be happy
[Applause]
yeah he makes art out of balloons
no thank you it's really excited to meet
your family some real things have
happened lately
and wants to know why the reporter with
a moral compass always a step ahead
everything that happens she's sourced up
and in print these people are starting
with surplus arms to Contras we can't
just look away
finishing shipping crates for m16s most
likely is the old man that family I got
a big deal coming very big deal
I'm and a dozen to something you want to
come down they're gone I'm gonna track
it from this end purpose of your visit
to Costa Rica fish it looks like you're
waiting for somebody I think you
everything is here
this whole operations gonna blow up in
somebody's face you boys figure it no
one's been able to get a read on this
guy all we do know about him it's when
he shows up it's usually the end of
something not the beginning
we're gonna find you how did you find me
if you had to pick a reporter capable of
tracking a load of munitions in South
America when she picked you
you're gonna get very fun that's car
you could have got on a plane and left
this place
in a perfect world beeping perfect
choices
in the real world we make real choices
[Music]
how would you feel about going to the
mountains of Christmas grace really
wants to get to know you guys
[Music]
I'm gonna leave you here with the kids
if you're not feeling okay I'm feeling
fine I can do a couple days what's Roy's
minutes
it seems good is this
the power though
we're leaving we can't leave we're stuck
here
[Applause]
[Music]
Democrats are getting their asses kicked
we need some way to road-test a more
rural friendly message if you can't live
your principles in the bad times I guess
there are principles they just hobbies
nice John Wayne and a tractor have a
baby and all you can say it's nice oh my
god Carl Jack Hastings is our key back
into the great now swing state of
Wisconsin he just doesn't know it yet
can I be completely honest with you no
ball be nice my daughter's here that was
your daughter with her arm up the cow
guys like me don't know how to talk guys
like you
Bolivar that's nice I know maybe it
doesn't need a ball maybe he's probably
your best but I would like to offer my
services to help you run for mayor dear
walking I'm telling you guys that could
be the real deal this little campaign of
ours has caught the attention of the
National Republican Party why are you
here
because crushing the last piece of hope
in your eyes really gets me off it's
good to see you yeah you look fat it's
on your boys game on tons of presidents
lots of money this seems a bit crazy
don't put all the black ones in the
center he's lying is a moderate
there is the 18th
all you have is beer 20 bucks says I do
better with beer than you do with change
party can't win they're getting
desperate this is really just another
perfect example of the DC Li trying to
dictate how we should play that's we
your DC elite oh I know actually I'm
from here I'm from deer laughing that's
a lie that's a lie no that's what are
you even doing
[Music]
just gonna go have fun
no one out there that I know up in the
audience actively hates me not get dead
face ready to do this ready totally
ready throughout my whole career label
executives would just say a nice girl
doesn't force their opinions on people a
nice girl smiles and waves and says
thank you I became the person everyone
wanted me to be I I think that Taylor
Swift she is annoying my model friends
to guys like a Trekkie to skinny
nobody physically saw me for a year and
that was what I thought they wanted I
had to deconstruct an entire belief
system toss it out and rejected
American glory before me it woke me up
from constantly feeling like I was
fighting for people's respect I saw the
school and it was happiness without
anyone elses input
[Music]
I want to do this I need to be on the
right side of history Taylor Swift broke
her silence on politics okay boys in a
whole new way me it feels
awesome
I feel really good about not feeling
muzzled anymore it was my own doing
there's nothing that feels better than
this moment
what are you doing turning on my party
shoes for vocals good we've never really
gotten a good take without them halfway
yeah do you notice anything different
about the simpler is this a quiz I get
it right - again on the poster I want
you to get it right that means what I
did worked I'm gonna get it wrong on
purpose
for once in your life can you be bloody
normal I am normal very normal
[Music]
the
as long
[Music]
it's for the flowers and heart-shaped
boxes
things were too young to know
I love
to me
you
[Music]
I'll tell about framing nails it's got
the continuum as normal touch myself in
all this
give me things
[Music]
this feeling if I can get through it all
hey what's up change me I don't think it
has I don't think I wanted to
[Music]
there isn't a moment I won't be there
but I'm gonna torture you
you know man honey talk to me now
[Applause]
yeah dude you do ba dum aloo you know
just oh gosh you walk by myself one
blood yeah
yeah they said I'd always love to show
you at home
and surah ningn she was denied the
coding RNA
[Music]
I'm dan Payne Holmoe Taunton
oh um
[Applause]
good you go it yeah
- ah
wanna join you Jimmy
if somebody wants to battle why not
squirted you were great it's quite it's
gonna
it's finally awakened the strongest
Pokemon in existence new to that is your
name I will strike back against you
[Music]
you three have been acknowledged of open
coming trainers the world's greatest
pokemon trainer is my field
the greatest trainer in the world
why is that
we have given life to you using the
rarest of Pokemon as a basis
if weak humans are allowed to govern the
world is headed for rude
which of you will oppose me first you
want to try
[Music]
so you do have some fight in you
so tell me boy what did you see in the
bomb nothing madam what did you see in
the image ooh you know what the Germans
do to the Jews I thought we were safe
a little Anya no we always said if we
ever got separated we would meet a gram
yourselves I'm staying till onion comes
some people collect coins stamps we
collect enemies of the Reich children
Jewish children
Benjamin gets them across the mountains
into Spain too safe there let's just
keep this a secret Don German soldiers
during the village papers must be
carried at all times patrols will take
place along the border make sure that no
spring to cross those mountains it was
paid for those with secrets rest assured
we will come to your door
[Music]
under the line hands get too close I
can't
if the time comes I'll be taking one of
them with me
when can Benjamin take them they'll
never give them busted butthole
there's always a price to be paid you
may have a despot RV but I don't their
invaders never forget your monster the
searching houses
we've got to get the children across the
border we can make it
[Music]
one day onion will be one of those
children I'll never give up hope
I have been here sighing sound you have
been mine before
and a stranger hello there stranger
hello mom I can't bear to think you're
unhappy Jamie I'm fine
fine isn't the same as happy no we're
happy are we oh yes we're fine I'm going
to leave she'll be better off without me
I don't want to be here when you do it
you can't just walk away after 29 years
you have to try I have tried for 29
years
No
[Music]
if I were to blame me for anything it
would be letting you think you were
happy
you think maybe you walk back through
that door it really could happen he's in
love
[Music]
if your life hurts you so much I won't
stop you
[Music]
I mean what gave you the right but
enough I thought there were three
unhappy people and now there's only one
his name is Edward stay at hey Oh who's
this coming
Edward would not you
[Music]
[Applause]
if we get a divorce I get less than love
he died oh yes so it would be better for
me if you were dead as a film crew here
at the moment right a friend of mine is
doing a documentary on booksellers and
I'm a bookseller
it would be very interesting that stop
somebody on the street and say if I stay
rare book dealer what do you think of
older man elbow patches tweed the strand
was founded by my grandfather in an area
called book row business we started by
our father in 1925
people always ask them how did you get
all three daughters to work for you and
he would say I guess I'm just lucky in
the 1950s there were 368 bookstores in
New York City today I went and counted
and there were 79 one of the things I
remember about those guys that were very
irritated if he wanted to buy a book
they were there so they could read all
day collecting is about the hunt the
internet has killed the hunt what the
internet did was change the way we
talked about what was rare for a lot of
dealers it was devastating and it
destroyed their livelihood a lot of
people wonder where's the future of this
industry going it is consistently my
experience as a younger dealer that I'm
talking to older dealers were so
pessimistic and they're saying I don't
know what you're gonna do and I'm like I
have so many ideas we're part of a boom
in independent book shops that really
engage with their neighborhood in a way
that the old chain stores never did I
think it has to come with a love of the
material a good bookseller absolutely is
another kind of Discoverer and the
thinker of history the people that I see
reading actual books on the subway are
mostly in their 20s this is one of the
few encouraging things we'll ever see in
a subway
there's obviously a love for it it's
frustrating at times is this something
you wake up you say thank God I found
this what else would you rather do
here's an unusual title Amish love wow
that's quite a picture
[Music]